this United Nations run school is now a
graveyard thousands sheltered here but
now bodies lie scattered between the
desks in what was once used as a
classroom at the alacura school in the
north of Gaza here's what survivors of
the attack
saw dead bodies scattered pieces of
Flesh no one could recognize their sons
our life is hell
this facility once took in thousands of
children and prided itself on its
support for vulnerable students but
these days it's been a shelter for
families displaced by
[Music]
bombings we took refuge in schools they
bombarded us we went back to our homes
they bombarded us there too what we're
seeing is another one of these horrific
uh incidents uh where civilians people
who saw sought shelter in a protected un
building are paying the
price alacura was bombed before in 2009
in 2014 and earlier this month it's in
jabalia gaza's largest refugee camp an
area that's faced some of the heaviest
bombardment in recent
weeks the dead have been taken to the
nearby Indonesian Hospital which just
days ago declared it was completely out
of service because of a lack of supply
and
fuel they claim the UN schools are
protected but the Israelis pounded the
UN school again where is the UN where is
unoa where is the Free
World fewer and fewer of gaza's
hospitals are operating just
barely both health facilities and
schools have come under Israeli attacks
and both are supposed to be protected
under international law to meet you
inenco Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer